{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red246\green246\blue246;\red39\green47\blue63;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c20000\c24314\c31373;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Toktoks / Last Mile Solutions: \
\
2. Formal Stops vs. all stops (Impact on accessibility if only using formal stops)\
	- More stops = greater accessibility\
	- Less stops = more efficient system\
\
Could you do something to calculate where the stops should be? Model from scratch?\
	- high employment density? High residential density? What else\
\
3. Comparing London (or any city) network with Cairo Network\
	- no. of buses\
	- overlap between routes\
	- frequency\
\
stplanr:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93overline
\f2\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \'a0is a function which takes a series of route-allocated lines, splits them into unique segments and aggregates the values of overlapping lines. This can represent where there will be most traffic on the transport system, as demonstrated in the following code chunk.\'94
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
4. Air quality and transport\
\
5. Correlation between number of buses passing through a stop/terminal AND population/employment density\
	- could use catchment polygons to get population/employment catchment of stop (accessibility analysis\'85)\
\
\
6. Using Dodgr to route flows to street network: Results can then be used to identify areas that would benefit most from sidewalks and bicycle infrastructure. Does this make sense? Or is algorithm biased towards roads that already have good pedestrian/cycling infrastructure?\
\
7. Origin Destination matrix between terminals - line weight representing no. of buses between each OD\
\
8. Ridership vs Coverage:\
	-Which routes are designed for ridership (pass through high density zones) and which for coverage (low density, inaccessible destinations)\
	- Analysis 1: Buffer around route and calculate intersecting population\
	- Analysis 2: Buffer around (1) Origin and Destination terminals OR (2) stops and calculate intersecting population\
   Visuals\
	- stplanr::overline to plot network with line thickness depending on no. of buses\'85\
	- Plot population served on x axis (categories) and number of routes on y axis\
	- Could be used to compare Microbuses to Cairo Transit Authority buses\
\
Useful Packages\
\
- stplanr\
\
- osmar: OpenStreetMap and R\
\
- kateto: Network visualization in R\
\
-otpr: using open trip planner with R (check others)\
\
- dodgr: calculating Distances On Directed Graphs. Used to route flows by weighting streets (Highway, footway etc) depending on mode of travel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/dodgr/vignettes/dodgr.html#41_aligning_routing_points_to_graphs"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc6 https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/dodgr/vignettes/dodgr.html#41_aligning_routing_points_to_graphs}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
 - pals: Bivariate Cloropleth maps in R ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pals/vignettes/bivariate_choropleths.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pals/vignettes/bivariate_choropleths.html}}
\f3 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 )
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}